{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset222 Thonburi;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13180\viewh18600\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 HI THERE!\
\
Thank you so much for choosing our work. Just want to let you know that we are appreciated.\
\
This package contains a 2D puppet human structure. Great for animating in Mecanim, then you can use it in a simulation game, an application or anything your heart desire.\
\
For someone that wants to begin animating in Mecanim but don\'92t know how to prepare art things. I hope that this package will help you out. This package gives you vector style initial artworks and 1 prefab of human
\f1  structure.\

\f0 \
Initial artworks : \
1 casual costume - 8 pieces(max)\
1 body - Medium skin tone\
Face elements - eye socket, eye colour, mouth\
Hairstyle - front hair, back hair\
\
The prefab contains 31 objects:\
Body, body armor\
Head, eye socket, left eye, right eye, mouth, front hair, back hair\
Right upper arm, right upper arm armor, right lower arm, right lower arm amor, right hand\
Left upper arm, left upper arm armor, left lower arm, left lower arm armor, left hand\
Right upper leg, right upper leg armor, right lower leg, right lower leg armor, right foot, right foot armor\
Left upper leg, left upper leg armor, left lower leg, left lower leg armor, left foot, left foot armor\
All layered by Z position.\
\
Feel free to adapt and re-design everything, as long as you do not sell it as it is. Share your work with us if you want, we would love to see.\
\
Please don\'92t forget to rate and comment on our work. Let us know if something bad or need to be fixed. We also listening to your request if anything you want us to do next :\}\
\
P.S.\
We use this human structure in our project called \'93100 Daily Life | Puppet Animations | Unisex Minimal Vector Style\'94. That project clearly demonstrates how this structure works. Have a look! You may like it!!\
\
Cheers,\
mimustudio@gmail.com (Ploi)\
www.mimu-studio.com}